IMPORT INTO: update document for `SHOW IMPORT` (#21610)
pingcap/docs: privilege-management.md

`SHOW PROCESSLIST` requires the `PROCESS` privilege to show connections belonging to other users.

> `SHOW IMPORT JOB` and `SHOW IMPORT GROUP` require the `SUPER` privilege to show connections belonging to other users. Otherwise, it only shows jobs created by the current user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SHOW IMPORT JOB` and `SHOW IMPORT GROUP` require the `SUPER` privilege to show import jobs and import groups belonging to other users. Otherwise, these statements only show jobs and groups created by the current user.
```
